PRIVACY POLICY FOR ARLISS ECOMMERCE
Last updated 20/06/2021
________________________________________

INTRODUCTION

ARLISS respects the privacy of our users .This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you use our mobile application(ARLISS). Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access the app. 

We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last Updated” date of this Privacy Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on our ARLISS app, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification. 

You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of our ARLISS app after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.

COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION

We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect on our ARLISS app includes:

Personal Data 
Personally identifiable information, such as your name, shipping address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your locality that you voluntarily give to us when you register our ARLISS mobile application or when you choose to participate in various activities related to our mobile application. You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information of any kind; however your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features our mobile application.

Google Account Permissions  
ARLISS app may access your Google basic account information, including your name, email, mobile number, and photo URL when you login using Google Account. You may choose to grant or deny us access by using our login method.


Data from Contests, Giveaways, and Surveys 
Personal and other information you may provide when entering contests or giveaways and/or responding to surveys.

Mobile Application Information
If you connect using our mobile application:

●	Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s storage, phone dialer and other features if you decide to send us list of products you want to order but couldn’t find on our app or decide to call and order. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
●	Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the Application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION 

Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized best experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via our mobile application to: 

●	Administer sweepstakes, promotions, and contests. 
●	Create and manage your account.
●	Deliver targeted advertising, coupons, newsletters, and other information regarding promotions and the Site [and our mobile application] to you. 
●	Email you regarding your account or order.
●	Enable user-to-user communications.
●	Fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, and other transactions related to our mobile application.
●	Generate a personal profile about you to make future visits to our mobile application more personalized.
●	Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with  our mobile application,
●	Notify you of updates to our mobile application.
●	Offer new products, services and/or recommendations to you.
●	Perform other business activities as needed.
●	Prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft, and protect against criminal activity.
●	Process refunds.
●	Request feedback and contact you about your use of our mobile application. 
●	Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems.
●	Respond to product and customer service requests.
●	Send you a newsletter.

DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:  

By Law or to Protect Rights 
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

Third-Party Service Providers 
We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance.  

Comment Postings
When you post comments on our mobile applications, your posts may be viewed by all users who use our mobile application. 

Sale or Bankruptcy 
If we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity. If we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, your information would be an asset transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline honor commitments we made in this Privacy Policy.




SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION

We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.

POLICY FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below. 


OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
[Account Information]
You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by:
●	Logging into your account settings and updating your account
●	Contacting us using the contact information provided below
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.]

Emails and Communications
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from us, you may opt-out by:
●	Logging into your account settings and updating your preferences.
●	Contacting us using the contact information provided below
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly. 

CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

Arlissgh
Takoradi, Ghana
+233242759097/ +233200841331
Arlissgh@gmail.com

 

